Add AI policy to PR template checklist (#7222)
home-assistant/android: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] The code follows the project's [code style](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/android/codestyle) and [best_practices](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/android/best_practices).
- [ ] The changes have been thoroughly tested, and edge cases have been considered.
- [ ] Changes are backward compatible whenever feasible. Any breaking changes are documented in the changelog for users and/or in the code for developers depending on the relevance.
- [ ] I have read the [Open Home Foundation AI Policy](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/ai_policy).

Select exactly one option that describes AI usage in this contribution:

- [ ] AI assistance was used for this contribution

> - [ ] AI took full control of the code generation for this contribution

Reviewer: We probably should extend this so, to make acknowledge that from now on the user is going to take over and self reviewed ?

Author: I literally copied it from @bgoncal's PR, but makes sense to extend it to me. At the same time this is about the contribution so far, no AI for answering PR reviews applies regardless of the checkbox used here. Suggestion to match the limit of the policy:

```suggestion
- [ ] AI fully generated the code for this contribution, but I've reviewed and understood it before submitting
```

Maybe also re-order the list so its none > assistance > fully AI generated?

Author: (my assumption is that if it's assistance, you must review/understand it as it does a small part and the bigger part is your own so no need to repeat, if it's not a small part it falls under 'fully generated')

Reviewer: I wanted to kinda emphasis on the fact that from now on a human should take over, even if it's written in the policy I think it's cheap to add it there too.

Author: I would like the same wording across repositories, if possible. What about:

```suggestion
- [ ] AI fully generated the code for this contribution, but I've reviewed and understood it before submitting and will respond without AI during review
```

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍🏻 @bgoncal is that something you also want in your repo?

Reviewer 2: No strong opinion, can you open a PR so we stay in sync?

Reviewer: Once we merge this one I can yes 👍🏻. @jpelgrom I let you have the final call on the suggestion.

Author: I've applied my suggestion from earlier today and reordered the options so its sorted not > partially > fully AI generated.
